docs(all): full-permission Actors approval (#2479)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/permissions/index.md

Reviewer: not related to PR but lets use this opportunity to fix

```suggestion
- Each selected resource will have the same `resourcePermissions`.
```

Reviewer: not related to PR but lets use this opportunity to fix

```suggestion
See the full [input schema reference for details](../actor_definition/input_schema/specification.md).
```

:::info Migrating to limited permissions

To learn how to migrate your Actors to run under limited permissions, check out the [Migration guide](./migration_guide.md).

:::

### End-user experience

> Users see a visible permission badge on your Actor's store page and Actor detail page indicating whether it requires **Limited permissions** or **Full permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users see a visible permission badge on your Actor's Store page and Actor detail page indicating whether it requires **Limited permissions** or **Full permissions**.
```

![User experience for users viewing limited permission Actor in Console](../../running/images/permissions-actor-store-screen-limited.png)

![User experience for users viewing full permission Actor in Console](../../running/images/permissions-actor-detail-screen-full.png)

> Moreover, when users run a full-permission Actor for the first time, *they need to explicitly [approve the Actor's permissions](../../running/permissions.md#full-permission-actors) in Console*. This applies even when the Actor is executed via MCP, CLI, or API, which makes Actors with full permissions less suitable for fully autonomous AI workflows.

Reviewer: Underscores are preferred when doing italics. (I'll double check if it is codified into our CONTRIBUTING.md)

```suggestion
Moreover, when users run a full-permission Actor for the first time, _they need to explicitly [approve the Actor's permissions](../../running/permissions.md#full-permission-actors) in Console_. This applies even when the Actor is executed via MCP, CLI, or API, which makes Actors with full permissions less suitable for fully autonomous AI workflows.
```

![Confirmation modal to approve running a full-permission Actor](../../running/images/permissions-approve-full-permission-actor.png)

> Finally, Actors requiring full permissions may receive a lower [Actor Quality score](../../publishing/quality_score.mdx), which can reduce their ranking in the store, and in some situations (autonomous agent workflows) they might even be excluded from search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, Actors requiring full permissions may receive a lower [Actor Quality score](../../publishing/quality_score.mdx), which can reduce their ranking in Apify Store, and in some situations (autonomous agent workflows) they might even be excluded from search results.
```

When possible, design your Actors to use limited permissions and request only the access they truly need.

### Configure Actor permissions level

> You can set the permission level for your Actor in Apify Console under its **Settings** tab. New Actors are configured to use limited permissions by default. Older Actors might continue using full permissions until you update their configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set the permission level for your Actor in Apify Console under its **Settings** tab. New Actors are configured to use limited permissions by default. Older Actors will continue to use full permissions until you update their configuration.
```
